README.md, before:

# GameJam2025

- Lost and found
- Dungeon crawler type of game was the original idea

Optional challenges

- [ ] Incorporate gacha mechanics into your game, such as randomized rewards or loot boxes.
- [ ] Gacha Galore
- [ ] Choose Your Destiny
- [ ] Breaking the Fourth Wall
- [ ] Unconventional Controls
- [ ] Dual Perspectives
- [ ] Monochrome
- [ ] Voices of the Jam
- [ ] Absolute Cinema
- [ ] FX Evolution
- [ ] Dimensional Deception

## Tiles

* [ ] Up, down, left, right arrays to know which rooms have which doors/where they can be connected to.
* [ ] Generation algorithm
* [ ] 3 States for the doors: open, closed and inaccessible.

//Dumb lore
Gatcha animation( live footage of buying lobster)
Game start
Based on a true story
Cutseen?
lobster getting picked at the super market and getting coocked and eaten
tries to get the missing bodypart and survive
end get flushed out

* [ ] Lobster attack, true aoe melee hit everything
* [ ]  Lobster range 3 piercing 5 sec coldown.

* [ ] HP based
* [ ] range enemy (speed poisson distribuion)

* [ ] melee enemy (speed poisson distribution)
* [ ] tank enemy (muffin)

* [ ] Elite enemy? (same attack 2 pattern) (bigger recolored)
* [ ] Boss enemy (1) (Chicken sashimi)

* [ ] wall/floor texture
* [ ] enemy drop coin for gatcha

##working on claws
claws will be two identity, do we just link the input of the part or is there a way to link it
to the main character?

Commit message:

i haven't yet tested the ranged atk but the animation for melee is now fixed

README.md, after:

# Notes for next release:
(2025-01-13)
## Missing assets:
- [ ] Idle & walking animation with two claws.
- [ ] Idle & walking animation for top claw only.
- [ ] Dash animation for the top claw only doesn't have the swoosh vfx?

> If there ever is time, maybe fix the animation to do something using a Composite Animation/Texture holder to avoid the large number of files.

Change of plans (2025-01-14): do the composite thing, basically make a general node and then stack animated sprite 2d objects.


# General information for GameJam
- Lost and found
- Dungeon crawler type of game was the original idea

Optional challenges

- [ ] Incorporate gacha mechanics into your game, such as randomized rewards or loot boxes.
- [ ] Gacha Galore
- [ ] Choose Your Destiny
- [ ] Breaking the Fourth Wall
- [ ] Unconventional Controls
- [ ] Dual Perspectives
- [ ] Monochrome
- [ ] Voices of the Jam
- [ ] Absolute Cinema
- [ ] FX Evolution
- [ ] Dimensional Deception

## Tiles

* [ ] Up, down, left, right arrays to know which rooms have which doors/where they can be connected to.
* [ ] Generation algorithm
* [ ] 3 States for the doors: open, closed and inaccessible.

//Dumb lore
Gatcha animation( live footage of buying lobster)
Game start
Based on a true story
Cutseen?
lobster getting picked at the super market and getting coocked and eaten
tries to get the missing bodypart and survive
end get flushed out

* [ ] Lobster attack, true aoe melee hit everything
* [ ]  Lobster range 3 piercing 5 sec coldown.

* [ ] HP based
* [ ] range enemy (speed poisson distribuion)

* [ ] melee enemy (speed poisson distribution)
* [ ] tank enemy (muffin)

* [ ] Elite enemy? (same attack 2 pattern) (bigger recolored)
* [ ] Boss enemy (1) (Chicken sashimi)

* [ ] wall/floor texture
* [ ] enemy drop coin for gatcha

##working on claws
claws will be two identity, do we just link the input of the part or is there a way to link it
to the main character?
